PRIVACY POLICY FOR “WHO’S AT GLUE?”

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Who's at Glue? (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Kinvey. The Application is designed to facilitate meetups between Gluecon 2014 attendees and to allow users to see aggregated anonymous location data collected by the application. 
 
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information 

The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
 
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, password and other registration information; (b) information you provide us when you contact us for help, and; (c) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and interests.

We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.

Automatically Collected Information
 
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application. 
 
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

When you visit the mobile application, we may use iBeacon technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the where you are located and to provide proximity notifications to other users. We will not share your location as determined by iBeacon technology (or other similar technology) with partners or 3rd-party services.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application. 
 
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
•	as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
•	when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
•	if Kinvey is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
 
What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at privacy@kinvey.com.
 
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information

We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@kinvey.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
 
